Fire and medical aid, what's the
address of your emergency?
This is South Sound with a transfer.
She's in the area of the train
derailment.
Her vehicle is on I-5,
airbags deployed.
She was hit by a mudslide.
OK, so ma'am,
where are you north
or south of Mount Road?
Do you know?
I'm
the only car, besides the semi that
made it through the train
derailment.
I was right at the front when it
came.
OK. So we've got multiple
units being dispatched in Joint
Base Lewis-McChord.
I need to know,
were you traveling north
or southbound on I-5?
I was traveling south,
and you can't get to me coming
south because it's completely
blocked.
OK. So did you pass
Mounts Road then?
Are you south of Mounts Road
closer to the bridge?
I don't know, I'm right,
I'm right south of the train,
I can see it. I'm
like 10 car lengths away from it.
OK, and so,
all right. And the train,
did it fall down on to I-5?
I can't,
I can't tell, looks like it.
I just saw a huge, I thought it was
a mudslide,
a huge cloud of mud
and dirt came and hit my car
and spun me me around.
OK. So you can't see the train from
where you're at.
OK. And it's blocking...
Because it's dark.
Is it blocking the south?
Yes there's no cars coming through.
Is it blocking the southbound lanes?
There's no cars coming through
it's completely blocked.